[Music]
you
in 1991 the brainwashed Super Soldier
Bucky Barnes also known as the Winter
Soldier is dispatched from a Hydra base
in Siberia to intercept an automobile
carrying a case of Super Soldier Serum
in the present day approximately one
year after Ultron's defeat in the nation
of sokovia at the hands of the Avengers
Steve Rogers Captain America Natasha
Romanov Black Widow
Sam Wilson the Falcon and Wanda Maximoff
stop Brock rumlow from stealing a
biological weapon from a lab in Lagos
rumlow blows himself up hoping to kill
Rogers when Maxima throws the explosion
into the sky with telekinesis it damages
a nearby building killing several
wakandans humanitarian workers US
Secretary of State Thaddius Ross informs
the Avengers that the United Nations is
preparing to pass the sokovia accords
which will establish a UN panel to
oversee and control the Avengers the
Avengers are divided Tony Stark supports
oversight because of his role in
Ultron's creation and sokovia
devastation while Steve Rogers has more
faith in his own judgement than that of
a government at a conference in Vienna
where the Accords are to be ratified a
bomb killed King takaka of Wakanda
security footage indicates the bomber is
Barnes whom to Chuck a son T'Challa
black panther vows to kill informed by
sharon carter of becky Barnes's
whereabouts and the authorities
attention to kill him rogers tries to
bring in Bucky Barnes his childhood
friend and war comrade himself Steve
Rogers and Sam Wilson track Bucky Barnes
to Bucharest an attempt to protect him
from T'Challa and the authorities but
all four including T'Challa are
apprehended helmets ASIMO tracks down
and kills Barnes's old Hydra handler
stealing a book containing the trigger
words that activates Barnes's
brainwashing impersonating a
psychiatrist sent to interview Barnes
Zemo recites the words to make Barnes
obey Him he questions Barnes then send
him on a rampage to cover his own escape
Steve Rogers stops Bucky Barnes and
sneaks him away when Barnes regains his
senses he explains that vemma was the
real Vienna bomber and
on to the location of the Siberian Hydra
base where other brainwash Windsor
soldiers are kept in cryogenic stasis
unwilling to wait for authorization to
apprehend Zemo Steve Rogers and Sam
Wilson go rogue and recruit maksimov
Clint Barton Hawkeye and Scott Lang and
men to their cause with Ross's
permission Tony Stark assembles a team
composed of Romanov T'Challa
James Rhodes war-machines Vision and
Peter Parker spider-man to capture the
renegades Tony Stark's team intercepts
Steve Rogers as group at leipzig/halle
Airport where they fight until Romanov
allows Rogers and Barnes to escape the
rest of Rogers his team is captured and
detained at the raft prison while Rhodes
is partially paralyzed after being
inadvertently shot down by vision and
Romanov goes into exile Stark discovers
evidence that Barnes was framed by Zemo
and convinces Wilson to give him Rogers
destination without informing Ross Stark
goes to the Siberian Hydra facility and
strikes a truce with Steve Rogers and
Bucky Barnes unaware they were secretly
followed by T'Challa they find that the
other super soldiers have been killed by
Zemo who shows them footage that reveals
that Bucky Barnes killed Tony Stark's
parents in 1991 and raged that Rogers
kept this from him Stark turns on them
both dismembering Barnes's robotic arm
Steve Rogers disables Tony Stark's armor
and departs with Bucky Barnes leaving
his shield behind satisfied that he has
avenged his family's deaths in sokovia
from the Avengers his actions by
irreparably fracturing them Zemo
attempts suicide but is stopped by de
chala and taken to the authorities in
the aftermath Tony Stark provides roads
with exoskeletal leg braces that allow
him to walk again
while Rogers breaks his allies out of
the raft in a mid-credits scene Bucky
Barnes granted asylum in Wakanda chooses
to return to cryogenic sleep until a
cure for his brainwashing is found
in a post-credits scene Peter Parker
tests a new gadget
[Music]